# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `critical_concurrency`  
**Scheduled**: 03-12-21 00:00:00  
**Revision**: 044b7aa7c4529ec050d6b8f27ac20798caf9f110  
**Score**: **24.0** out of **24.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Test Barrier for Memory Leaks and Errors**: Test barrier implementation with valgrind for memory leaks and errors  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
No memory errors/leaks.
==1184== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==1184== Copyright (C) 2002-2015, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==1184== Using Valgrind-3.11.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==1184== Command: ./barrier_test 2 82
==1184== Parent PID: 7
==1184== 
==1184== 
==1184== HEAP SUMMARY:
==1184==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==1184==   total heap usage: 7 allocs, 7 frees, 5,728 bytes allocated
==1184== 
==1184== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==1184== 
==1184== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
==1184== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
```
---

**Barrier Multiple**: Test multiple barriers at once.  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Barrier Reuse**: Test that a barrier can be used more than once.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Barrier Single Use**: Test on single use of barrier.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Queue Block on Max**: Queue blocks on push when queue is full.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Queue Block on Min**: Queue blocks on pull when queue is empty.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Generic Queue Use**: Generic push and pull large amounts of data.  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Queue Stress Test**: Stress tests the queue.  
**4.0** out of **4.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Queue Unbounded**: Test that queue is not bounded.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Test Queue for Memory Leaks and Errors**: Test queue implementation with valgrind for memory leaks and errors  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
No memory errors/leaks.
==203== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==203== Copyright (C) 2002-2015, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==203== Using Valgrind-3.11.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==203== Command: ./queue_test 5 111
==203== Parent PID: 7
==203== 
==203== 
==203== HEAP SUMMARY:
==203==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==203==   total heap usage: 14 allocs, 14 frees, 432 bytes allocated
==203== 
==203== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
==203== 
==203== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
==203== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
```
---

**Semamore Init**: Test semamore init.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Semamore Post**: Test semamore post without blocking.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Semamore Post Block**: Test semamore post with blocking.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Semamore Use**: Test generic semamore use, including many posts and waits.  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Semamore Wait**: Test semamore wait without blocking.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
---

**Semamore Wait Block**: Test semamore wait with blocking.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Success
```
### Checksums

ed620da0ea20d12f8fb0127756bcc6ade4c17811 barrier.c  
f5350163c9014d8a5d8b2ebc2be9adaf04c5db72 queue.c  
838659d0296cceeaca9181b23b72b15ac65c793a semamore.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


