# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `utilities_unleashed`  
**Scheduled**: 02-19-21 00:00:00  
**Revision**: bbef75786fa569689cc58589d543abd2a306f409  
**Score**: **9.0** out of **9.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Time Test**: Tests for correctly reported time.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correct reported time.
```
---

**Time Test Usage**: Tests if usage is printed correctly.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly printed usage.
```
---

**Time Test Exec**: Tests for properly exec-fork-waiting.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly uses fork-exec-wait.
```
---

**Env Test Usage**: Tests that usage is properly printed for env.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly printed env usage.
```
---

**Env Test One**: Tests single environment variable.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly processed single environment variable.
```
---

**Env Test Two**: Tests multiple environment variables.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly processed multiple environment variables.
```
---

**Env Test Exec**: Tests fork-exec-wait usage in env.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly used fork-exec-wait.
```
---

**Env Test Ref**: Tests single reference environment variable.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly processed single reference environment variable.
```
---

**Env Test Ref Hard**: Tests several reference environment variables.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly processed several reference environment variable.
```
### Checksums

2bf52dfa94bd5ef34a33fa56fc00a322f3992c14 time.c  
f991b989743247841271f1d140a3bf03b1ac13db env.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


