# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `parallel_make_pt2`  
**Scheduled**: 04-05-21 00:59:00  
**Revision**: ac33a80350fd9316092ca253342db0275ed2a4a0  
**Score**: **35.0** out of **41.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Basic Test**: Tests basic Makefile.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly makes basic Makefile.
```
---

**Basic Test 1**: Tests makefile with more than 1 target.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Correctly makes basic Makefile.
```
---

**Basic Test 2**: Tests that more complex makefile gets printed correctly.  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Found correct outputs in correct order.
```
---

**Basic Test 2 Slow**: Tests that more complex makefile gets printed correctly but not too fast for a single thread.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Found correct outputs in correct order.
```
---

**Cycle Test**: Tests cycle detection.  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Ran process.
Timeout :(
```
---

**Failed Dependencies Test**: Checks that targets with failed dependencies are not run.  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Ran process.
Timeout :(
```
---

**Fail Test**: Tests that correct commands are run when another command fails.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Found correct output.
```
---

**Memory Test**: Tests for memory errors.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
No memory issues detected.
```
---

**Target Test**: Tests that only specified makefile targets get run.  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Found correct output in the correct order.
```
---

**Target Test 1**: Tests that specified makefile targets with dependencies get run in the correct order.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Found correct output in the correct order.
```
---

**Touch Test**: Test that targets don't run if dependency not modified (depends on target_test)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Failed to find correct output (or extra printouts)
```
---

**Basic Test Threaded**: Tests that a dependency list gets printed correctly, but with threading this time.  
**5.0** out of **5.0** points
```
Correctly executed dependency commands in correct order.
Good performance! (took: 1.038s, limit: 1.3s)
```
---

**Thread Test**: Simple test to ensure that first and second step are executed in parallel with 2 thrads.  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Correctly executed multiple dependencies in parallel.
```
---

**Thread Test 2**: Tests that threading is done properly with a more complex makefile.  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Correctly executed multiple dependencies in parallel.
```
---

**Thread Test 3**: Another test for proper threading on a more complex makefile.  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
All outputs found in correct order on a more complex makefile.
```
---

**Thread Test 4**: Another test for proper threading on a more complex makefile.  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Correctly executed more complex makefile in parallel
.Good performance! (took: 3.045s, limit: 6.0s)
```
---

**Memory Test 2**: Testing for memory leaks.  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
No memory leaks or errors detected.
```
---

**Hard Thread Test**: Test maximum parallelization (every rule is run as soon as dependencies satisfied) and general performance  
**4.0** out of **4.0** points
```
Correct ouput found in the correct order.
Good performance! (took: 1.277s, limit: 1.5s)
```
---

**Throughput Test**: Test expected throughput in trivial makefile for different thread counts.  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Successfully achieved expected throughput for trivial makefil using various thread counts.
Good performance! (took: 0.662s, limit: 0.8s)
```
---

**Busywait Test**: Test busywait when using multiple threads on moderately parallel Makefile  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
No busywaiting detected.
Good performance! (took: 1.046s, limit: 1.3s)
```
### Checksums

99c7b0c32bfa4ffa8e2431df912f4eb5ca6dd094 parmake.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


